New contributor guidelines (#251)
facebookresearch/habitat-sim: CONTRIBUTING.md

We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as
possible.

> ## Developer workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Developer Workflow
```

> - Active development should happen on your fork of the repositories

Reviewer: `.` missing from the end of some sentences.

> - Active development should happen on your fork of the repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Active development should happen on your fork of the repositories.
```

> - Name your PR in a way that unambiguously identifies the feature or fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name your PR in a way that unambiguously identifies the feature or fix.
```

> - Follow the contribution guide to ensure code is conformant with conventions and style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the contribution guide to ensure your code is conformant to the conventions and style.
```

> - Try to make small, logically independent, self-documenting commits (and reflect this in the commit messages by providing brief rationale/change summary). Feel free to amend and force push changes to your PR if necessary.

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't specifically allow force push/amends on PR. The person who is merging should squash all of the commits later on before merge. This eases the reviewer's pain since they are able to compare what exact difference has been made from last commit based on reviews. (I have felt this pain multiple times when reviewing PRs when people force push).

Author: @apsdehal 
> we shouldn't specifically allow force push/amends on P
That contradicts to `Try to make small, logically independent, self-documenting commits (and reflect this in the commit messages by providing brief rationale/change summary)`

Ideally, we would like to have clean break of a larger PR in smaller commits, not history of commit changes on PR. That's hard to achieve without `push -f`.

Reviewer: In PR, it is fine. You anyways squash them later on. But for reviewer if you do `push -f` it makes hard to notice exact changes. For e.g. see https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/pull/224/commits, it is easy and nice for the reviewer to review each logical chunk and understand what exact difference was there between the two reviews. Otherwise, if I `push -f`, I lose this information.

Reviewer: Also, you can be smarter on where you `push -f` and where you don't. That way it is easy.

Author: I can remove mentioning about `push -f`, but that's what was the agreement on engineering meeting that we prefer logic breakage of commits based on introduced functionality/changes, rather than historical addressing of reviews. Both approaches have pros and cons, but in the end when accepting a PR that's good to review all changes again, rather than delta from previous review.

Reviewer: It is still unclear to me what you mean when you say that what I am saying won't be logical breakage of commits. Let me explain my points again:
1. You can still see the full change in the `Files Changed` tab. So, if one is looking to make a review on full PR they can do it from `Files Changed` tab.
2. As a reviewer, I would want to see what are the changes from the previous time I reviewed  the PR, which is what the latest commit will tell me. 
3. For logic breakage of commit, you would squash all of the commits from the UI into single commit and then merge them to master. So, the feature/functionality wise breakage of commits is still there. Each PR goes into master as single commit. Here is a [pointer](https://medium.com/@vanshbadkul/squashing-commits-in-git-a-step-by-step-guide-884581224adf) on how git squash works.

Author: I understand your points and think they are legit, but there are another views as well.

Your proposal:
```
PR Commits:
- Func A
- Func B
- Changes based on review
- Changes based on review
```

We expect:
```
PR Commits:
- Func A
- Func B
```

Some arguments to support last approach:
1. It makes clear what changes are needed for Func A and for Func B in the end of work on PR. And makes it easier to review changes commit by commit.
2. It answers how to revert FuncA and FuncB separately.
3. Comment a code through commit messages in more granular and consistent way.  

Yes, we squash commits in the end, but using github UI you can visit referenced PR and check commit history there.

That's light recommendation as that's very minor improvement for dev efficiency. After your arguments I think that's good to remove if it can raise questions from contributors.

Reviewer 2: What worked for me on magnum very well, is having "style 1" during the time when the PR is being finished (so when I get a new PR push notification, it leads me to the "fixup" commits pushed recently), but then when the PR is ready to be merged, it's rebased and reorganized to "style 2" ... and then put to master *without* squashing, preserving the final clean ordered history *forever*.

However because here the policy is squash-merge, requiring reorganization to "style 2" would be just a total waste of time, since it ends up being a single commit in either case ... and as is usual, various problems get discovered *after* the PR is squash-merged.

Also not everybody is a Git ninja, so demanding one or the other from contributors (as opposed to us the main developers) might be too harsh, maybe? (but also I'm not sure what's the target audience of the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file -- us or 3rd party contributors?) In Magnum itself if the contributor is incapable of that, I'm doing the history cleanup during merge (which is time-consuming, but paid off many times).

> Yes, we squash commits in the end, but using github UI you can visit referenced PR and check commit history there.

Unfortunately that's not really working well for `git blame` (even in the UI) -- all you'd see is the whole file being added in a single commit, and as far as I know, there's no way to do a blame on a PR alone. This goes together with my other concerns about squashing commits (and losing important history that way), but that's for a longer discussion.

> - Encouraging to create draft PRs to gather early feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We encourage creating draft PRs to gather early feedback.
```

> - Request reviews from at least one Habitat core team member (if the scope of changes necessitates this, two or more reviewers is recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request reviews from at least one Habitat core team member (if the scope of changes necessitates, request from two or more reviewers).
```

> - We have adopted squash-and-merge as the policy for incorporating PRs into the master branch.  We encourage more smaller/focused PRs rather than big PRs with many independent changes.  This also enables more velocity by merging PRs into master quickly and reducing the need to rebase due to changes on master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have adopted squash-and-merge as the policy for incorporating PRs into the master branch.  We encourage more smaller/focused PRs rather than big PRs with many independent changes.  This also enables faster development by merging PRs into master quickly and reducing the need to rebase due to changes on master.
```

- While working on a PR, try to religiously keep your fork up-to-date with master by rebasing as necessary.  Note that the above recommendation for smaller and more frequent PRs reduces the burden of rebasing.

> - We expect PR ready for final review only if Continues Integration tests are passing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We expect PR ready for final review only if Continuous Integration tests are passing.
```

> - Recommended: after getting a PR through reviews/feedback and merging into master, delete the branch to de-clutter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recommended: after getting a PR through reviews/feedback and is merged into master, delete the branch to de-clutter noise.
```

> - Reach out to us with questions or suggestions on our Slack channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reach out to us with questions or suggestions on our Slack channel.
```

Add a link to slack channel here.

- If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")
In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need
to do this once to work on any of Facebook's open source projects. Complete your CLA [here](https://code.facebook.com/cla).

## Versioning / release workflow
We use [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). To prepare a release:
1. Update version numbers.
2. Update the change log.
3. Make sure all tests are passing.
4. Create a release tag with change log summary using the github release interface (release tag should follow semantic versioning as described above)

> Stable version is assigned by Habitat core team based on regularly tested versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable versions are regularly assigned by Habitat core team after rigorous testing.
```

## Issues
We use [GitHub issues](../../issues) to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

## Coding Style

- C++
  - In general, we follow [C++ Core Guidelines](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines) and [Google C++ guidelines](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)
  - Use `clang-format` for style enforcement and linting. Install clang-format through `brew install clang-format` on MacOS, or by downloading [binaries or sources](http://releases.llvm.org/download.html) for Ubuntu etc.
- Python
  - We follow PEP8 and use typing

>   - Use `black` for style enforcement and linting. Install black through pip install black. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use `black` for style enforcement and linting. Install black through `pip install black`. 
```

  
We also use pre-commit hooks to ensure linting and style enforcement. Install the pre-commit hooks with `pip install pre-commit && pre-commit install`.

## Documentation

> - Our documentation style is based on Magnum / Corrade and uses a similar build system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our documentation style is based on Magnum / Corrade and uses a similar build system.
```

> - Our documentation style is based on Magnum / Corrade and uses a similar build system

Reviewer: Add link to magnum's style guide. (There is one!)

Reviewer 2: There are two, in fact -- [1](https://doc.magnum.graphics/corrade/corrade-coding-style.html), [2](https://doc.magnum.graphics/magnum/coding-style.html) :) But I'm not sure how compatible Magnum's and Habitat's coding style is (especially re shared pointer usage, file / variable naming etc.) -- so maybe mention that ~~it shouldn't be taken too literally~~ only the doc-related part is relevant.

And if links, then maybe https://mcss.mosra.cz/documentation/python/ and/or https://mcss.mosra.cz/documentation/doxygen/ as total full and complete references of what's all possible?

> - A good example of the documentation style is in esp::gfx::DepthUnprojection (DepthUnprojection.h)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A good example of the documentation style is in esp::gfx::DepthUnprojection (DepthUnprojection.h).
```

- Documentation of PRs is highly encouraged!

## Developer tips

> - Install **ninja** (`sudo apt install ninja-build` on Linux, or `brew install ninja` on MacOS) for significantly faster incremental builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install **ninja** (`sudo apt install ninja-build` on Linux, or `brew install ninja` on MacOS) for significantly faster incremental builds.
```
